builder,util: add convenience methods for boxing services (#616)
tower-rs/tower: tower/CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

- **util**: Add `CloneBoxService` which is a `Clone + Send` boxed `Service`.

> - **util:** Add `ServiceExt::boxed` for applying a `BoxService` middleware.
> - **util:** Add `ServiceExt::clone_boxed` for applying a `CloneBoxService` middleware.
> - **builder:** Add `ServiceExtBuilder::boxed` for applying a `BoxService` layer.
> - **builder:** Add `ServiceExtBuilder::clone_boxed` for applying a `CloneBoxService` layer.

Reviewer: take it or leave it: i think it would probably be fine to combine some of these changelog entries, like
```suggestion
- **util:** Add `ServiceExt::boxed` and `ServiceExt::clone_boxed` for applying the
   `BoxService` and `CloneBoxService` middleware.
- **builder:** Add `ServiceBuilder::boxed` and `ServiceBuilder::clone_boxed` for applying 
   `BoxService` and `CloneBoxService` layers.
```

Reviewer: also, i noticed these changelog entries refer to `ServiceExtBuilder`, which we should fix regardless of whether we apply my suggestion to combine the entries:
```suggestion
- **util:** Add `ServiceExt::boxed` for applying a `BoxService` middleware.
- **util:** Add `ServiceExt::clone_boxed` for applying a `CloneBoxService` middleware.
- **builder:** Add `ServiceBuilder::boxed` for applying a `BoxService` layer.
- **builder:** Add `ServiceBuilder::clone_boxed` for applying a `CloneBoxService` layer.
```
